Add note about webhooks timeouts (#1126)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/extending/webhooks/overview.mdx

The main and **most important difference** between synchronous and asynchronous events is that **synchronous events execution influences the response time of the request that triggered the event**. That said if you have a request that triggers a synchronous event and the event processing takes a long time, the request will take a long time to finish as well affecting the response time of the request.

You can read more about asynchronous events in the [Asynchronous events](./asynchronous-events.mdx) section and about synchronous events in the [Synchronous events](./synchronous-events/overview.mdx) section.

> ### Requests time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Time limits
```

> Both sync and async webhooks requests are time-limited. Saleor will wait maximum 20s for full HTTP request round trip, which leaves approx 18s to process the data and respond.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Both synchronous and asynchronous webhook requests are time-limited. Saleor will wait a maximum of 20 seconds for the full HTTP request round trip, which leaves approximately 18 seconds to process the data and respond.
```

> Both sync and async webhooks requests are time-limited. Saleor will wait maximum 20s for full HTTP request round trip, which leaves approx 18s to process the data and respond.

Reviewer 3: I would suggest to make 2s explanation explicit: 

> The total timeout for async and sync webhooks is the 20s, where 2s is a connection timeout and 18s for receiving a response.

> Both synchronous and asynchronous webhook requests are time-limited. Saleor will wait a maximum of 20 seconds for the full HTTP request round trip, which leaves approximately 18 seconds to process the data and respond.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both synchronous and asynchronous webhook requests are time-limited. Saleor will wait a maximum of 20 seconds for the complete HTTP request round trip: up to 2 seconds for the network connection and up to 18 seconds for a response.
```

> Some operations can contain more than one synchronous webhook invocations. Saleor can't guarantee successful processing if summary of entire graphQL request exceeds 30s.

Reviewer 3: GraphQL

> Some operations can contain more than one synchronous webhook invocations. Saleor can't guarantee successful processing if summary of entire graphQL request exceeds 30s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some operations can contain more than one synchronous webhook invocation. Saleor can't guarantee successful processing if a summary of the entire GraphQL request exceeds 30 seconds.
```

> Some operations can contain more than one synchronous webhook invocation. Saleor can't guarantee successful processing if a summary of the entire GraphQL request exceeds 30 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some operations can result in more than one synchronous webhook invocation. While individual calls can take up to 20 seconds and succeed, stacking them up may cause Saleor's API to time out.
```

You can follow some good practices to avoid webhook timeouts:

> - For asynchronous webhooks use job queues like SQS. "Accept" response from the queue is fast and the rest of the processing should be managed on the external system like app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For asynchronous webhooks use job queues like SQS. "Accept" response from the queue is fast and the rest of the processing should be managed on the external system like an app.
```

> - For asynchronous webhooks use job queues like SQS. "Accept" response from the queue is fast and the rest of the processing should be managed on the external system like an app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use queues instead of HTTP endpoints for asynchronous events. Saleor will send events straight to the queue, and your application can process them at its own pace without blocking Saleor.
```

> - Be careful with cold starts. Serverless environments can take a few seconds to start with the first request in a time period.

Reviewer 3: "Be aware of cold starts"

> - Be careful with cold starts. Serverless environments can take a few seconds to start with the first request in a time period.

Reviewer 4: I think migrating to Edge could be a neat solution to this ;)
```suggestion
- Be careful with cold starts. Serverless environments can take a few seconds to start with the first request in a time period.
- If you use Serverless environment consider migrating to Edge runtime (e.g. Cloudflare Workers, Vercel Edge Runtime, Deno Deploy) which has much lower cold starts (close to 0)
```

> - Be careful with cold starts. Serverless environments can take a few seconds to start with the first request in a time period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you're using serverless functions to accept webhooks, be aware of cold starts. Make sure the application is fast to respond even if it was not invoked in a while.
```

> - 20s that Saleor keeps the request is a ceiling value, but it should not be treated as an accepted standard. We recommend to rethink synchronous event targets to process events as quick as possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The 20 seconds that Saleor keeps the request is a ceiling value, but it should not be treated as an accepted standard. We recommend rethinking synchronous event targets to process events as quickly as possible.
```

> - 20s that Saleor keeps the request is a ceiling value, but it should not be treated as an accepted standard. We recommend to rethink synchronous event targets to process events as quick as possible.

Reviewer 3: More explicit recommendation:
> Slow synchronous webhooks would affect the speed of your queries and mutations, which can lead to poor user experience, or in case of a timeout, your custom business logic would be ignored altogether. We recommend optimizing response time below 1 second for better user experience and resilience.

> - The 20 seconds that Saleor keeps the request is a ceiling value, but it should not be treated as an accepted standard. We recommend rethinking synchronous event targets to process events as quickly as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The 20-second limit is there to act as a fail-safe mechanism. We recommend ensuring your application never gets close to that limit, even under heavy load. For some events, even a one-second delay can result in a poor user experience.
```
